README.md, before:

# GitHub workflows

📋 Curated collection of useful GitHub workflows files

<div align="center">

![](https://i.imgur.com/99gT3kq.png)

</div>

👷‍♂️ Premade for 80% of usecases \
©️ No license header or attribution needed \
✏️ Ready for customization

📢 If you have an idea for a useful GitHub Action, open a PR or an Issue!

## Usage

![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&message=GitHub+Actions&color=2088FF&logo=GitHub+Actions&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=)

1. Select a GitHub Action from this repo you want for your own repo
2. Copy the contents of the `.yml` file
3. Paste it into a new `.github/workflows/*.yml` file in your own repo
4. Profit!

### List of all actionss

- [devcontainers: Build & test](src/devcontainers/Build%20%26%20test.yml)
- [Node.js: Build & test](src/Node.js/Build%20%26%20test.yml)
- [Node.js: Publish to npm](src/Node.js/Publish%20to%20npm.yml)
- [Publish the dev wiki](src/Publish%20the%20dev%20wiki.yml)
- [Publish the user docs](src/Publish%20the%20user%20docs.yml)
- [TODOs to Issues](src/TODOs%20to%20Issues.yml)

Commit message:

Improve user-facing docs somewhat

README.md, after:

# GitHub workflows

📋 Curated collection of useful GitHub workflows files

<div align="center">

![](https://i.imgur.com/lToQ3b4.png)

</div>

👷‍♂️ Premade for 80% of usecases \
©️ No license header or attribution needed \
✏️ Ready for customization

🤝 [We welcome contributions]! Even if you just have an idea, we want to hear from you!

## Usage

![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&message=GitHub+Actions&color=2088FF&logo=GitHub+Actions&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=)

1. Select a `src/$NAME.yml` workflow file from this repo
2. Copy the entire contents of the file
3. Create a new `.github/workflows/$NAME.yml` file in your own repo
4. Paste the contents into your new file
5. Commit & push it to GitHub
6. Profit! 🎉

<div align="center">

[![](https://thum.io/get/noanimate/crop/800/https://github.com/jcbhmr/github-workflows/tree/main/src)](https://github.com/jcbhmr/github-workflows/tree/main/src)

</div>

[we welcome contributions]: CONTRIBUTING.md
